Be part of the solution, not the problem
To thine own self be true 😊
Stick with the winners 💪
Count your blessings 🥰
More will be revealed 😇
Pain is the touchstone of all spiritual growth 💫
Fake it till you make it
Think! Think!! THINK!!! 🤔
First things first ☝
What other people think of you is none of your business
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less
You are not responsible for your disease, but you are responsible for your recovery
Winners do what they have to do and losers do what they want to do
There is an island of opportunity in the middle of every difficulty 🏝
Listen to learn and learn to listen
Adversity truly introduces us to ourselves
Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves
Our problems we think were of our own making
If you are ungrateful, check your pulse
Easy does it but do it
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else
But for the grace of God!
Change is hardest at the beginning
Change is the end result of all true learning
Gratitude is more of a compliment to yourself than someone else
Happiness is when what you think
If God brings you to it, he will bring you through it
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you’ll never enjoy the sunshine ☀️
If you want to change the world start with yourself
The Big Book is magic, but you have to open it. 📖
Your world today is only limited by your own boundaries.
You don’t have to be that person that I thought you were.
Your limitation—it’s only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Don’t wait for an opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
The Way Get Started Is To Quit Talking And Begin Doing.
The Pessimist Sees Difficulty In Every Opportunity. The Optimist Sees Opportunity In Every Difficulty.
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character.
It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up.
We May Encounter Many Defeats But We Must Not Be Defeated.
Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do.
We Generate Fears While We Sit. We Overcome Them By Action.
Whether You Think You Can Or Think You Can’t, You’re Right.
The Only Limit To Our Realization Of Tomorrow Will Be Our Doubts Of Today.
Do What You Can With All You Have, Wherever You Are.
You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream.
To See What Is Right And Not Do It Is A Lack Of Courage.
Fake It Until You Make It! Act As If You Had All The Confidence You Require Until It Becomes Your Reality.
The Future Belongs To The Competent. Get Good, Get Better, Be The Best!
Things Work Out Best For Those Who Make The Best Of How Things Work Out.
Today’s Accomplishments Were Yesterday’s Impossibilities.
You Don’t Have To Be Great To Start, But You Have To Start To Be Great.
